=encoding utf8

=head1 Act evolution stage1 Release Notes

So this is the next stage after about a month of hacking.

=head2 Overview

This is a fork of L<Act|https://github.com/book/Act>, the conference
toolkit which has helped organizing lots of Perl conferences.  It is a
pretty eclectic one, including stuff from the
L<psgi|https://github.com/book/Act/tree/psgi> branch of the original
repository, stuff from Ilya Chesnokov's
L<psgi_fixes|https://github.com/ichesnokov/Act/tree/psgi_fixes>
branch, and from Wesley Schwengle's
L<act-two|https://github.com/waterkip/Act/tree/act-two> branch.  Up to
stage0, this fork intentionally doesn't contain much work of its
own: It is a collection of valuable stuff found on different
locations.  Additions and changes were made only to the end to get the
installation "up and running".

=head2 New in stage1

=over

=item Unicode characters can be used in the wiki

This is the most prominent change in stage1, and also a change
compared to the production server.  The issue of the Act wiki with
unicode was the cause for the author to investigate the Act software
after the L<German Perl Workshop 2018|https://act.yapc.eu/gpw2018>
where he was surprised that though the issue was well known, everyone
decided to look in some other direction.

Unicode characters can now be used in Wiki pages, as I<names> of Wiki
pages (please don't even try that on the production server), and on
tags.  As a side effect, talks can now also be tagged with unicode
characters, because of: why not?

=item A customizable 404 handler

The default behaviour of the PSGI branch in case an URL could not be
served was to just return an empty page.  This was even worse than in
production, where the default Apache 404 page is shown.

Now we have a 404 page in that case which is created from a template,
and which can be overridden by site owners.

=item The Act manual is now created as HTML pages

This actually happens in act-starter-debian: The Act manual which
lives in Pod pages in the F<Act::Manual> namespace is now provided as
HTML pages starting at http://yourserver:5000/manual/Manual.html.  I
found this helpful because this fork's documentation starts to diverge
from the master branch which has its documentation online at
L<http://act.mongueurs.net/doc/Manual.html>.  The default 404 page
contains a link to the manual.

=item Bugfixes

In addition to the unicode stuff, a few bugs have been fixed.  Most of
them have been introduced in the various modernization branchs, see
the git log for details.  One bug might be a candidate for
backporting into the master branch:

=over

=item *

Users can now revoke the admission to record their talk.

=back

=back


=head2 Disclaimer

This software comes with the same license as the original version of
Act (see LICENSE), though the Copyright section would need some
additions.  As stated there, it comes WITHOUTANY WARRANTY; without
even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See either the GNU General Public License or the
Artistic License for more details.

=head2 Want to get involved?

Questions, comments, issue reports, and pull requests are welcome!

The development repository is at
L<GitHub|https://github.com/HaraldJoerg/Act>.  The active (and
default) branch is C<evolution>, the status described here will live
in the C<stage1> branch.  Other branches exist for pull request
against the original repository.


=head2 Contact

...for this fork: Harald Jörg, <haj@posteo.de>.  I'm also occasionally
hanging around in the #act channel at irc.perl.org and reading the Act
mailing list.
