=head1 The central Act configuration file

=encoding utf8

The central Act configuration file is a Windows .ini-style file.  It
contains settings which are relevant for all conferences hosted on
I<this> installation of Act.  It is organized in several sections.
For each of the sections, we show an example configuration followed by
a description of the individual items, at least for I<some> of the
sections.

=head2 Section C<general>

  [general]
  conferences = tpc-2018-glasgow lpw2019 ....
  searchlimit = 20
  dir_static  = $($home)/wwwdocs
  dir_photos  = photos
  dir_ttc     = $(home)/var
  max_imgsize = 320x200
  root        = $(home)

=over

=item C<conferences>

A space-separated list of conferences served by this installation.

=item C<searchlimit>

The limit of entries produced on one screen by a user search.

=item C<dir_photos>

Where user photos are stored.  This directory must exist.  If this is
a relative path, it is taken relative to the C<ACT_HOME> environment
variable.

This is a global variable because Act's authentication scheme is
per-installation and not per-conference.

=item C<dir_static>

The directory where static files provided by Act are located.
Providers must drop files which are to be served under a "root URL",
e.g. C<robots.txt>, under this directory.

=item C<dir_ttc>

Directory for compiled templates.  This directory must exist.

=item C<max_imgsize>

The maximum width and height for user photos in pixels, given as
I<width>C<x>I<height>.  If users upload larger photos, they will be
resized, keeping the aspect ratio, so that they comply with both
limits.

=item C<root>

This is the internal value for Act's root directory, usually provided
externally with the environment variable C<ACT_HOME> which gets
translated to the conffiguration variable C<home>.

FIXME: The consequences of having C<root> different from C<home> are
pretty unclear.  So don't do that.

=back

=head2 Section C<database>

  [database]
  name        = act
  dsn         = dbi:Pg:dbname=$(database_name)
  user        = dbuser
  passwd      = dbpass
  test_dsn    = dbi:Pg:dbname=acttest
  test_user   = dbuser
  test_passwd = dbpass
  pg_dump     = 1
  dump_file   = /tmp/dbdump
  version_check = 1
  host = 0

=over

=item C<name>

The name of the Act database.

=item C<dsn>, C<user>, C<password>

Connection parameters for the database.

=item C<test_dsn>, C<test_user>, C<test_password>

The tests can be run against a different database.

=item C<pg_dump>, C<dump_file>

The command and the target file for the database backup (PostgreSQL
only).  A false value for C<pg_dump> prohibits backups with
F<bin/dbbackup>.

=item C<version_check>

If true, Act will check at compile time whether the schema version
of database and code match.

=item C<host>

The host where the database is running.  Set to C<0> if Act is using a
C<local> connection to a database server running on the same host.

=back

=head2 Section C<email>

  [email]
  test        = 0
  sender_address = root@localhost
  hostname = localhost
  port = 25

=over

=item C<test>

If true, then it should be a mail address of a tester who receives
copies of all outgoing mails.

=item C<sender_address>

This is used as the "From" address for outgoing mails.  Usually this
setting is overridden by organizers for their own conference, but
sometimes Act might want to send mails without a conference context.

=item C<hostname> and C<port>

Hostname and port of the SMTP server which is used for sending mail.
Both settings are mandatory.

For docker deployments and for testing, the settings can be overridden
by the environment variables C<SMTP_HOST> and C<SMTP_PORT>,
respectively.

=back


=head2 Section C<wiki>
  [wiki]
  dbname      = actwiki
  dbuser      = dbuser
  dbpass      = dbpass
  dbhost      = 0

As above, these are the settings for the wiki database.
Note that there's no DSN parameter: The Act wiki assumes
a PostGreSQL database.  For C<dbhost>, a value of C<0>
is used for a C<local> connection to a database server
running on the same host.

=head2 Section C<payment>

[payment]
  open      = 0
  invoices  = 0
  type        = Fake
  notify_bcc  = tester@localhost

Hopefully you understand the documentation in
L<Act::Manual::Provider::Payment>, because I don't.

=head2 Section C<payment_type_*>

  [payment_type_Fake]
  plugin = Fake

Every payment type as chosen in the previous sections has its own
parameters, to be implemented as a Plugin.

=head2 Section C<flickr>

  [flickr]
  # see http://www.flickr.com/services/api/
  apikey  = 0123456789ABCDEF0123456789ABCDEF

See L<Act::Manual::Organizer::Photos> for a description.
